Binding properties (#10)
sfluhrer/ml-kem-security-considerations: draft-sfluhrer-cfrg-ml-kem-security-considerations.md

the shared secret key and this is true even if the adversary has access to a
CRQC. ML-KEM is IND-CCA2 secure, that is, it remains secure even if an
adversary is able to submit arbitrary ciphertexts and observe the resulting
shared key. Submitting invalid ciphertexts to `ML-KEM.Decaps()` does not help
the attacker obtain information about the decryption key of
`K-PKE.Decrypt()`, inside `ML-KEM.Decaps()`. Substituting the public key
Alice sends Bob by another public key chosen by the attacker will not help
the attacker get any information about Alice's private key, it would just
make Alice and Bob not have a same shared secret key. However, if it is
possible to substitute the copy of the public key for both Alice and Bob, an
attacker can introduce a malicious public key where the same private key can
be used for decapsulation, but the probability of decryption failure is
marginally higher. As decryption failures can leak information about the
secret decapulation key, it is important that Alice keeps a secure copy of
the public key as part of her secret key. For practical purposes, IND-CCA2
means that ML-KEM is secure to use with static public keys.

# Properties beyond IND-CCA

> There are security properties beyond IND-CCA such as those studied in [CAS].
> There are many variants. MAL-X is hardest to achieve, but failure to achieve
> it hasn't lead to practical attacks at present. LEAK-B is in the middle, and
> failure to be LEAK-X has lead to reencapsulation attacks [PQXDH]. ML-KEM achieves
> LEAK-X, but not all MAL-X. The latter is discussed in the 'Security Properties' 
> section below.

Author: ```suggestion
There are security properties beyond IND-CCA such as those studied in [CAS].
There are many variants. MAL-X is hardest to achieve, but failure to achieve
it hasn't lead to practical attacks at present. LEAK-X is in the middle, and
failure to be LEAK-X has lead to reencapsulation attacks [PQXDH]. ML-KEM achieves
LEAK-X, but not all MAL-X. The latter is discussed in the 'Security Properties' 
section below.
```

automatically perform such checks; if so, that should be verified.

The shared secret key for all three parameter sets, ML-KEM-512, ML-KEM-768
and ML-KEM-1024 is 32 bytes which are indistinguishable from 32-byte
pseudorandom byte-strings of 128, 192 and 256 bits of strengths
respectively. As such, it is suitable both to use directly as a symmetric key
(for use by a symmetric cipher such as AES or a MAC), and for inserting into
a Key Derivation Function.  This is in contrast to a Diffie-Hellman (or ECDH)
operation, where the output is distinguishable from random.

It is essential that the public key is generated correctly when the initial
key generation is performed and expanded. Lattice public keys are a lattice
and a secret hidden by an error term; if additional error can be introduced
into the public key generation stage, then the success of decapsulation can
reveal enough of the secret that successive queries determine the private
key. Notably, this means a public key can be 'poisoned' such that a future
adversary can recover the private key even though it will appear correct in
normal usage.

> Per the analysis of the final {{FIPS 203}} in Sophie Schmieg’s [KEMMY24], a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per the analysis of the final {{FIPS203}} in Sophie Schmieg’s [KEMMY24], a
```

Author: Ah thank you, whoops
